Alices-Adventures-in-Wonderland-by-Lewis-Carroll.md, before:

File for markdown practice and first two PRs.
[Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland
by Lewis Carroll. THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0. Gutenberg.org](https://gutenberg.org/files/11/11-h/11-h.htm)

## Down the Rabbit-Hole

There was nothing so very remarkable in that;
nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself,
“Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!” (when she thought it over afterwards,
it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this,
but at the time it all seemed quite natural);
but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it,
and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet,
for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket,
or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it,
and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way,
and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well.

Commit message:

feat(add-ch): Add chapter 1 paragraph 1 of Alice in Wonderland (#20)
Add the first paragraph of Chapter 1 of Alice in Wonderland to the project in Markdown format.

Alices-Adventures-in-Wonderland-by-Lewis-Carroll.md, after:

File for markdown practice and first two PRs.
[Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland
by Lewis Carroll. THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0. Gutenberg.org](https://gutenberg.org/files/11/11-h/11-h.htm)

## Down the Rabbit-Hole

Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank,
and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading,
but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 
“and what is the use of a book,” thought Alice “without pictures or conversations?”

There was nothing so very remarkable in that;
nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself,
“Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!” (when she thought it over afterwards,
it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this,
but at the time it all seemed quite natural);
but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it,
and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet,
for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket,
or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it,
and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way,
and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well.
